Please follow along.
Again, let's start with our feet shoulder-width apart.
Now take a step forward with yor left foot,
as if you were pushing somethign heavy.
Slowly, lean forward over your left foot.
Feel how you can flex your knees so both feet are flat on the floor?
This maximizes your balance.
Now slowly move your upper body back, over your right foot,
as if you were pulling something heavy.
Make sure your upper body is still leaning slightly forward.
Trainers please coach here as needed.
Continue to move your upper body forward, and back,
and notice how your legs work efficently,
and your balance is strong when your upper body is over
your line of strength and balance.